Removed the singleton implementation of the startup probe (#22819)
microsoft/FluidFramework: server/routerlicious/.changeset/olive-jokes-end.md

---
"@fluidframework/server-routerlicious-base": minor
---

> 
> ---
> 
> ## "section": feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Added the startupprobe as a resource for Alfred, Nexus and Riddler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the startup probe as a resource for Alfred, Nexus and Riddler
```
